Download HACS: Update OS steps to include add-on (#478)
hacs/documentation: source/docs/use/download/download.md

---
title: Download
description: "HACS download steps"
---
Setting up HACS is done by using the [HACS download script](https://github.com/hacs/get).

!!! info
    If you are not sure what type of Home Assistant installation you are running or how to find that, then you should not use HACS (or any other custom integration). 

=== "OS/Supervised"

>     For Home Assistant Operating System and Supervised, there is an add-on for downloading HACS. To add a custom repository that allows you to get this add-on, follow these steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For Home Assistant Operating System and Supervised, there is an add-on for downloading HACS. To add the custom add-on repository that allows you to get this add-on, follow these steps.
```

>     1. To add the HACS repository to your Home Assistant, select this [my link](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_addon/?addon=cb646a50_get&repository_url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fhacs%2Faddons).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. To add the HACS add-on repository to your Home Assistant, select this [my link](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_addon/?addon=cb646a50_get&repository_url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fhacs%2Faddons).
```

        - Once you selected the link, in the confirmation dialog, select **OK**.
        - This brings up the **Missing add-on repository** dialog. To add the repository, select **Add**.

>         - You have now added a repository to your Home Assistant that allows you to install HACS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - You have now added the repository to your Home Assistant that allows you to download HACS.
```
